DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9828 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2881)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== In some circumstances, pressing the **Enter** key scrolled the entire page
// TINY-9828

> Previously, in {productname} 6.4.2, a bugfix was implemented to address a specific issue related to scrolling. The issue originated from the `scrollToMarker` function, which determined vertical scrolling while also calculating horizontal scrolling based on the marker's left position.
> 
> Subsequently, in {productname} 6.7, further refinements were introduced to improve the previous logic applied. This update was prompted by the need to address a specific issue, where scrolling didn't reach the correct position in certain situations. The original `scrollToMarker` function had been altered to use `scrollIntoView`, affecting not only the content but also the editor container. This unintentionally caused pressing the "Enter" key to trigger scrolling of both the content and the container. To correct this, {productname} reverted to the previous logic and adjusted the calculation of the scroll left.
> 
> This fix, now corrects the previous and new issues with the release of {productname} 6.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.4.2 addressed an issue in which xref:6.4.2-release-notes.adoc#_selection_was_not_correctly_scrolled_horizontally_into_view_when_using_the_selection.scrollIntoView_API[a selection was not correctly scrolled horizontally into view].

{productname} 6.7 includes changes to the previously applied logic to address a further issue, in which scrolling did not reach the correct position in some circumstances.

The fix applied in {productname} 6.4.2 altered the `scrollToMarker` function, affecting not only editor content, but also the editor container itself. This, unintentionally, caused an *Enter* key-press to trigger scrolling of both the content and the container.

{productname} 6.7 makes two changes to address this. It reverts the logic applied in {productname} 6.4.2. And it adjusts the scroll left calculation.

These changes correct both issues. Pressing the *Enter* key no longer triggers scrolling and the selection is (still) correctly scrolled into horizontal view.
```
Suggested edit.
